Keep going, keep going, keep going!
I'm going for it!
On the outside, and just barely!
Arima, Arima, Arima...
Let's run at the Arima...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Kitasan?!
What's wrong now?
Wins
Oh, Nature-sensei...
Help, please!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Oshiruko
Here.
Thank you...
Episode 8
What's Always Been There
So, what's going on?
Well, it's about Dia-chan.
What, did you get into a fight?
Not exactly, but...
She completely beat me at the Arima Kinen.
You really think it was that bad?
It was by a neck's difference, right?
That sounds like a good race to me.
Look.
"If they had raced ten times, the outcome
could have been different in each case—
that was how tightly contested
and entertaining this race was."
That's what most people think.
And I agree with them.
What's wrong?
Did you lose your confidence, like last year?
It's not like that.
Less a loss of confidence and
more like... Dia-chan...
Yeah?
Dia-chan was so strong.
Even before we raced,
her aura was like... crackling.
Crackling?
And during the race, I got chills.
Despite how close I was, it didn't
feel like I could catch up at all...
She felt so far away.
It's gonna be okay!
You were plenty strong yourself.
In my opinion, anyway.
Nature-san...
The first step is drinking that
and feeling a little better.
It's nice and sweet.
You're right.
Thank you so much, Sensei.
Sensei?
No, don't worry about it.
Oshiruko
Things are so lively.
Yeah...
Where should we start?
Maybe by visiting the shrine?
Kita-chan?
What's wrong?
Uh, no, it's nothing!
Are you sure?
Yeah, I'm sure!
Step right up!
Okay...
We've got amazake over here!
Come and get yourself a drink!
Look, Dia-chan, they're selling amazake!
It'll warm you up! It's tasty,
and we've got the best stuff!
I'm gonna get some!
Excuse me! One amazake please!
Welcome!
It'll be a thousand yen.
We're glad you could make it.
You'll find all of our
charms are a blessed value!
Luck for victory
Okay!
I'll take this one.
Sure.
That's the last one!
Hey, Kita-chan, what kind
of charm did you get?
Well... one for victory.
Really?
We match, then! That's great.
Luck for victory
Y-Yeah...
Hey, Dia-chan, what were
you wishing for this year?
Why are you asking?
Well... It felt like you were
putting a lot of thought into it.
I-I just wished to win a lot!
I want to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Remember how Crown-chan won
a G1 race in Hong Kong?
Seeing that made me want to
try racing on the global level.
And you picked the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe?
Yeah.
A Japanese runner has never
won it before, right?
Every time someone tries, people get
their hopes up, but it doesn't work out.
Some people even say
it'll never happen.
Which is why...
I think it'd be really meaningful
if I won that particular race.
As a member of the Satono Group,
I want to accomplish something.
The kind of accomplishment that will leave
a mark on the Japanese horse girl world
that'll be remembered in the future.
They're the same.
Hey, Kita-chan, you should come
with me. Let's race in France!
Me too?!
Yeah!
W-Well...
I'd love for you to be there too.
And together we can represent Japan
and take on the strongest
horse girls in the world!
Let's see what's out there!
S-Sure...
I get it now. Dia-chan is...
a lot like Dura-chan.
You can't lose your cool.
Sis?
You need to follow through better.
Let's switch pitchers.
Yes!
What are you doing here?
Nothing in particular.
I don't need to be cheered up.
You make everything so complicated.
And here I thought I could
buy you some new shoes.
It's fine.
Aw, come on...
Just let me spoil you once in a while.
I'm not like Vivlos.
Or you.
We are alike.
We both have trouble winning.
What did you want to talk about?
Well... how's your recovery going?
I'm still not fully healed.
I see.
It's just a matter of time.
I'll heal. I know it.
My duty is to prove I am
the strongest in the world.
And one day, as my bloodline
dictates, I will conquer the world.
I won't let this slow me down.
You really are amazing.
I am?
I mean the way you're so
direct about it, Dura-chan.
Of course.
It's my reason for running.
Yeah, that makes sense.
What are you looking toward?
What's at the end of your path?
I mean...
What is your shining,
ultimate reward in the distance?
The thing you want to accomplish?
Basically, your own reason for running.
Well, my reason for running...
I guess because I want to win?
Then what?
The thing you can't help but chase,
and won't allow yourself to stop until
you have it. The thing you need.
I know you have something.
I never thought about taking
on the world before.
Dia-chan and Dura-chan are both so amazing.
Something I need to have...
Until recently...
I wanted to be like Teio-san.
Can this emperor
surpass the last?
Tokai Teio
A glamorous star who's able
to make everyone smile.
But... not anymore.
Since I know I can't do it.
So I decided to be true to
myself and train in my own way.
I won. I won time and again.
But wanting to dedicate everything
to a goal.
A dream like that is not something I have anymore.
Honey, honey, honey!
When I get a taste of that honey...
Okay!
Hey, Kita-chan! Welcome back.
Teio-san...
H-Hello there.
Uh, well...
What's wrong, Kita-chan?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
One, two, three, four,
two, two, three, four...
One, two, three, four...
Say, Teio-san...
Your dream... was to become an undefeated
Triple Crown horse girl, right?
Yep.
To be more specific, I wanted to
be a cool horse girl like the Prez.
Have you ever seen her races before?
She was amazing!
She was stronger, faster,
and sparkled more than anyone.
I always used to talk about
how I wanted to be like her.
I thought I was going to be an undefeated
Triple Crown horse girl for sure.
Not that I actually pulled it off, though!
But... even then...
You kept running, right?
Sure did.
You always had some kind of
dream that you were chasing.
How did you manage that?
Let me think...
After I got injured and couldn't
manage the Triple Crown,
I went to watch the Kikkashou.
It was amazing.
Everyone was running with
their pride and dreams on their shoulders,
and they were so desperate to win.
It was the coolest.
It made me want to keep trying.
Even though I couldn't win the triple crown,
it gave me the courage to think I could
still become an undefeated horse girl.
I got discouraged and lost a few times
after that, and my dream even changed, but...
Still...
There was someone who became my goal.
Another who told me not to give up.
And one who gave me a good
luck charm, actually!
I was able to keep moving forward because
of all of the people who supported me.
And then, the day came—
I was so happy.
I felt like I had finally pulled it off.
You had done it.
So, then...
I was satisfied with my dream
coming true... or so I thought,
but I could feel something
inside of me bubbling up.
A bubbling feeling?
Yep.
I wanted to keep running.
I realized...
Symboli Rudolf
Dedicated
to victory
Win the Arima Kinen!!
that I still hadn't become a cool,
strong horse girl like the Prez.
Symboli Rudolf
Dedicated to victory
I couldn't become an undefeated Triple
Crown winner, so I gave up on that dream.
But the truth is, deep down,
something was still smoldering.
Which is why I decided to aim
for the Dream Trophy League.
After all, I still want to be the
emperor who surpasses the last one.
And no matter what happened...
that feeling would keep me running.
Up we go!
I'm not gonna ask what's got you worried,
Kita-chan, but I think you'll be okay.
Because I'm sure you have something
like that which will never go away.
Teio-san...
Something that never goes away...
One, two, three, four,
two, two, three, four.
two, two, three, four...
Okay, next up is running.
Okay!
Something that was there in the
beginning... that I can't give up on.
My dad's performances...
Ever yone smiling, in that place
with such a warm atmosphere.
Teio-san's races.
The way that the heat from the crowd
churned in the air so intensely.
It felt hot and lively.
It was dazzling and so
bright it made me dizzy.
It's the first thing that comes to mind.
The sights and the sound... I remember
all of it so intensely that my chest hurts.
I know it's impossible, but it
still sparkles so much.
It's—
We've got great prices for you!
And for a limited time only,
they're even better!
Pick something up! I'd especially
recommend today's bananas!
I'll make sure it's the
best performance possible!
I'll make sure it's a memorable one!
Come on over and pick
yourself up some bananas!
Right over here!
Hello there...
Hey, Kita-chan! Welcome!
Cold today, huh? Is that
tracksuit warm enough for you?
Well, I was running.
Oh, okay. In the middle of
a run, huh? Working hard!
W-Well... no...
Um, about the Arima—
Oh, right! I had something
nice for you, Kita-chan!
Give me one sec.
Honey, could you get the thing we set aside?
What thing is that?
You know what thing I'm
talking about! For Kita-chan!
Honey, you are always like this!
Kitasan Black
Arima Kinen
\hSupport Sale
\h1 Onion
\h1 Yen
How am I supposed to tell what this thing
is or that thing is if that's all you say?
I mean, you know, it's the thing...
Kitasan Black
Arima Kinen
Support Sale
Step right up! We've got
plenty of fresh catches!
Here we go.
Got some nice carrots.
Take some!
A-Are you sure?
Sure I'm sure. Take 'em home
and have yourself a nice meal.
Oh, in that case,
we've got these tomatoes
for you too, Kita-chan.
They're nice and sweet!
O-Oh, come on, I couldn't!
Yes, you could! It's the
least we can do for you.
You're the star of this market.
We all care about you.
A star...
Oh, good idea!
In that case, take some fish too.
Try my new product, Kita-chan!
You like honey, don't you?
In that case, I've got some steamed buns.
Got some meat for you too!
Kitasan Black
Arima Kinen
Support Sale
Care for some apples?
Got some baked sweets too.
There you go! Picked out some
of the freshest for you.
Come on, she can't take all of that!
In that case, take one of my baskets.
I-I... this is...
This is all we can really do,
but know that we're rooting for you.
Yeah. The Arima Kinen was fantastic.
After it was over, my voice was worn out!
It really was incredible.
I can't help but tear up
remembering that battle right
before you crossed the finish line!
A warm place, full of smiles...
A place swirling with passion and energy,
so bright and hot and dazzling
that it makes you dizzy.
My original dream...
I thought I had set it aside.
I thought I had given up...
Kita-chan?! What's wrong? You feeling okay?
N-no, it's not like that...
I just... well... well!
Thank you all so much!
Whoa, wait!
Kita-chan!
Kita-chan?!
Where the heck has Kita-chan gone?
I'm home!
Welcome back, Kita-chan.
What's with all that stuff?
Heading out!
Ah, so fresh and so clean!
Fresh and clean...
Go for it, Kita-chan.
I love it when everyone's smiling.
I love things like festivals that
are filled with those smiles.
The scene that Teio-san
created on that day...
I can't help how much I love it.
I couldn't become Teio-san.
I can't be glamorous.
I'm not gifted... so I gave up.
For so long, things haven't
gone the way I imagined,
and that's bound to continue.
I can't be a prodigy. I can't become a star.
I know that...
I know that,
but still! I don't want to give up!
I want to chase after it again! Pick up
where I left off with that dream!
I want to create a scene like that!
And that's what I'm gonna do!